Mhm. Got it.

Um, you know, everything is ideally F equals MA uh related so everything has a mass and it can uh it can itself uh force itself along some path and then you know its friction on the ground, friction in the air, friction in the water. Um and uh units can be partially in the water so friction is applied with the fraction of, um of of you know, air friction if its if the unit is 50% in the air, then 50% of the air locomotion uh forcing is allowed and 50% of the air friction is allowed. Um so that means that you know, these transitions between media are smooth, which is somewhat like real life might uh how real life might work Um. But I'm also having to do uh, you know, it's not that everything happens on every simulation tick. So I'm using uh I have used in the past

Mm-hmm.

um authoritative server with client uh uh rendering uh in which uh the clients would all receive the commands from the uh players and transmit them kind of directly um to the simulation. The simulation would be the only source of truth and would spit out the world state back to the clients that would render it. Uh there could be some uh client prediction there, but in general that's uh uh server authoritative server is what that's called. Uh for this game that I've been building, uh we moved to, or I because I did everything, I moved to um uh uh uh I moved to uh lockstep deterministic uh architecture um in which uh all of the clients are actually running the simulation and it's lockstep uh against three different operating systems, against Ubuntu Linux, against Windows 10, Windows 11, and against Mac OS. So it can it can run on both ARM architecture and uh Intel architecture which, Intel x86-64 um and that means that I can't use so I'm using C++ but we can't use just normal C++ that would um compile down to the most efficient versions of uh floats and float math for things like um multiply add, may be different between the different architectures or just the various things that uh uh the same C++ might compile down to different machine code. So um so in order to have lock step determinism between Mac and Windows or uh, you know, Mac and Linux. It's it's mostly about what it compiles to for the CPU. Um uh basically we have to have uh the same math happen for every server tick. It can't be off by even a uh a tiny, tiny, tiny fraction because they have to be doing the same things. Um so uh yeah running a bunch of tests to make sure that uh, you know uh, we start a game with all three computers at the same time over a mesh network. And Basically uh you do hashes of game states at uh various intervals to see if the game states are exactly the same, uh so you check those hashes on Mac, Windows, and Linux, make sure that they are the same. And that's how you would make sure that that worksSo for every uh s-so I'm using no game engine, built the whole game engine from scratch with C++ Um uh for maximal uh uh you know, CPU usage um. uh maximal speed and maximal performance and we're doing native Vulkan rendering and whatever uh whatever the Mac version of that is or whatever um so uh not even using any libraries for the rendering. um and so yeah we I'm making sure that the performance, you know, I'm squeezing out every little piece that I can. Things like path finding can't happen every tick for every unit because uh the world is very large Uh, so there's many things that we have to do very sparingly and there's many things that we have to do uh very often. For example, unit movement uh, you know, we get a new position and a new velocity. So the uh, you know if we're getting um, let's say we get ten simulations a second uh we're running at sixty second sixty frames a second for the the client, we have to be able to interpolate those things using velocity and position so we i can EMA velocities and EMA positions um to do the interpolation uh. . Which is a pretty cool uh it's pretty cool to you know see what does it mean to EMA velocity as well because, you know EMA in position and rotation is interesting but uh the the rotation velocity and the actual movement velocity EMAing uh is interesting uh but yeah so the simulation uh you know pathfinding is very complex because these things are using F-F-F equals MA for their movement. So it it's very unclear what hills the pathfinding should be able to choose um as a valid path and we're also doing heuristics so that it would uh choose to kind of go around a hill versus over it if it's uh if the heuristics are saying uh maybe it would be faster to go around it. cause maybe this thing will be w-really slow to go up a hill. So we're using uh, you know, true A star with heuristics uh not just uh not just what is the shortest path. um.  Uh it's shortest inspace and time. Uh so what all else are we calling? We are calling um uh- uh- oh LOD, level of detail so we can only, you know, we only want really want to be um draw up to what, 10,000 triangles on screen? What am I doing right now? So I'm drawingOkay, looks like 100,000  Is that100,000 Well, anyway, the the number doesn't matter but um I have some max number of triangles that I would like to draw on screen and you know if you zoom out there will be many more you can potentially have the entire map on your screen. And if you zoom in uh you know, you have very few things on screen. So, if you're zoomed in you need to have higher detail on your units um uh so you know it has to look cool and look kind of realistic. Look realistic whenever you zoom in.  uh but when you zoom out all you have to do is be able to see that there's something there and it's on your team or it's on your friend's team. Or uh you know It's a different player on your team. So uh, you know, these I have four levels of detail and as you uh, you know, different units actually flip between the levels of detail uh depending on how big they are. So, you know if I'm farther out maybe this big unit would still say at medium level detail where all the small units right next to it, would be at super low levels of detail because they're so tiny it doesn't matter anyway. So You know, level of detail is very well managed uh for both active uh units as well as like trees and grass and stuff. Um so that's something that is helping us have uniform performance no matter uh zoomed in or zoomed out. Um and of course the simulation doesn't change uh you always have to sit because we're doing lockstep determinism, we always have to simulate everything. Um uh, even the things that we can't see, that are hidden behind uh fog of war, we still have to simulate that uh it's just we don't show that to the player, the player can't see that um. So what else are we dealing with? oh, uh so instead of checking every entity against every other entity, so say that you're shooting. So uh this game is based on um heavy like projectile type thing. So it, you know, it's only dealing damage at the time that the projectile hits the enemy unlike Starcraft or unlike uh Command and Conquer where uh it's predetermined to have hit the enemy. Maybe there's a delay. But uh for yeah, for games like Total Annihilation or Beyond All Reason uh, which are kind of the predecessor of my game, my my game is much more physics based than even those. Um uh as as you can tell by everything that I'm saying here. Uh and it's a native game engine, those used uh uh game engines. I did- I built the game engine from scratch for performance uh but yeah, so uh these, you know the basically instead of having whenever something explodes check okay, did it hit any unit on the screen? We're actually building out um grids so, you know, this explosion was this size so we have to check th-these uh grid cells only. So what units were in this grid and then check only those units if they were hit. um Same thing for collisions uh, but between units when they're hitting each other, so uh you know a grid system it means that you can have uh ma-instead of n squared checks, you can have many fewer checks for any kind of uh interaction or hit box or uh you know anything that may happen. uh, same thing for like laser beams um um having laser beams not be able to go all the way across the map uh they kind of explode at some kind of terminus to be able to have performance uh and have lots of things hap- things happen on screen at the same time. So performance is key uh and you know really detailing exactly what you need to want to happen and have it be artistically um interesting and kind of make sense at least a little bit even though these are futuristic. So there's a lot of moving parts uh that make these um you know, it's it's a lot of decisions, it's artistic decisions, it's uh it's performance decisions and it is uh tradeoffs between looking cool and how does it how does this thing work