Okay, I'm going to add a couple more things. Just listen, you don't have to actually say anything. This is just for transcription

Mm-hmm. Got it.

Um I uh mentored people. Whenever I left uh Korea, I uh taught my replacement uh I decided on my replacement who would be the best person. There was a pretty obvious choice, he was very involved just like I was. So he took over the executive management position for the South Korea Rock U Frisbee League. And I uh mentored him uh on the way to do all the tech and uh the way to manage um uh all of the executive functions, manage the money, manage the uh um uh the relationships between political entities in the different cities uh different interests um uh at VentureTech we had um interns and various uh uh remote workers. So I would be in charge of you know getting them up to speed on things um fielding questions that they had um and uh kind of giving them tasks uh you know and kind of giving them pointers on where they might go next or resolution on things that they might not understand clearly uh so I did that for uh a couple interns as well as a couple um remote workers and also office workers um to you know also have give them some creative liberties and so they would own the product that they they are we are eventually building um how where else did I mentor people? Uh at Rockwell, some of the newer engineers I would mentor. Um let's see, in Korea, uh sorry, in Italy, I was directly mentoring. So I was teaching the teachers. So not only did I teach kids for uh a bit but I also uh mentored the teachers where I would teach them all of the you know the way to organize, the way to uh use your past to teach uh you maybe different camps that you've been to or different activities that you've done, how to turn those into uh interesting items for the kids to learn from and to connect with you um So you know, giving them not only a breadth of knowledge, but also teaching them how to use their own uh history to uh you know, teach the kids through things that both the teacher is interested in and get the kids interested in uh things that are English

Oh. Hmm.

adja-adjacent uh, you know, culture adjacent uh, and mixing cultures. um. Where else did I mentor people. let me see. let me see, let me see, let me see. uh two seconds, two seconds, two seconds, two seconds, two seconds uhhh, mentoring in South Korea. um I mentored I did mentor some um other teachers uh cause so um Uh let's see what else did I do. oh, whenever I left uh Jackson and Mars I actually had to teach um the systems and why the different pieces were necessary and uh how to do all those things. So it's kind of mentoring uh. Where else? I guess that's good