ethical dilemma or situations

maybe lower level players actually do want to play a little bit less than the more athletic players. Uh but there's ethical situations whenever you have conflict between one team wanting to do something some way and the other team wanting to do it the other way. For example at our final uh, one of the two teams our as our championship final One of the two teams didn't play three of their players uh, at all, in the final game. So uh, what to do there is there punishment involved even though there was no prior communication that this should happen and th- th-, you know, there's There's no prior communication that this shouldn't happen because it's not something that we describe. We give captains discretion uh, but there's still many instances of Um Is it ethical to not play players um how much do you uh get involved as either another captain or as the league general manager to um to actually uh to actually mitigate that. like uh do I do I choose for that player that that player should uh should join, should play more or for that captain, do I override that, or do I uh sit back and let uh, you know let them make decisions that are for their team? So there's autonomy aspect, there's ownership aspects um but you know, you have to basicallymanage a- a- it in a very smooth way. So what did I do here? I um you know um I- I asked very specifically at the you know, at this next game, what do you suspect the playtime will be for some of you- your your lower players just so I have uh their rationale and their expectations. So that does two things it's both um get them get them to think about it so at least you know if they hadn't thought about it, which is unlikely that they would at least be thinking about it. And it would also give me information of uh you know uh both what is their plan and uh what is the reality of the situation? You know is Um Did they not know? Did they plan to not play those players, um, that kind of stuff. Was it actually in- injuries uh, so

Yeah, Mm-hmm.

basically communication is the key um, to be able to not only uh make good decision or helpuh captains make good decisions and help players make good decisio- decisions on that but also to be able to communicate whenever there's miss-misunderstandings uh my job is also to make sure that uh any misunderstandings are um are resolved if possible

That- yeah, that makes

Um Yeah, so you don't have to talk again. So other ethical situations here, let me see. Umother other ethical situation  Other ethical situa- Oh, so for Sentien uh there's you know. So different states have different uh laws for recording. So we have to follow uh, you know, w- either one party consent or two party consent states uh for, you know, recording phone calls because we are managing their their phone calls and uh you know, the person calling we basically have to announce over the phone that everything is being recorded. Just like um most other apps do

Mm-hmm.

And uh the retention policy So AWS is automatically redacting any kind of uh sensitive information any personally identifiable information, PII uh, but the MP3, the audio that we store on the MP3 does not, so we have we actually only retain the MP3 for I think 24 hours and then we delete it so that uh um we don't uh store anything that they might have said that actually hasn't sensitive information so the redaction would be agnostic of uh would be without sensitive information ideally redacted. I mean it is as screw up sometimes but um 99% of the time, uh, number all of the numbers are redacted and everything uh, but yeah ethically we had to um uh decide to uh, delete these actual voice recordings after 24 hours, which is all that we would need to double check the transcriptions. Uh Other ethical situations- let's seeUh somewhat an ethical situation. Um. What does it mean to speak English well? Um So Eh- Um Maybe it's not exactly ethical but it's it's something. Because you know some of this is an art, if it's just be-be a conversationalist. Maybe the grammar is not uh the most important thing maybe the um the kind of command of English is the important thing and the your ability to communicate uh and your propensity to communicate and your willingness to communicate So um you know, what it what does it mean to give somebody a good score is it does it mean that they actually use the exact right grammar? Or does it mean that they were able to communicate in that language? So that that is an ethical dilemma uh that I would say, um so you know what does it mean to be to give an A? What does it mean to give an F Um and yeah so uh holistic view is what I ended up doing and uh you know there is value in having uh perfect grammar and there is value in being able to communicate- communicate effectively because you don't need perfect grammar to communicate effectively and you don't need to communicate effectively if if you're only going to be writing things. So you know there's various reasons you may use English so um my-the decision was you know there's a holistic view on what does it mean to speak English because you might use English in many different ways so a holistically grading I guess that's an ethical um um somewhat ethical situation uh see what else is ethical here