Got it.

led the scheduling and administration and actualization of these camps, which had um between30 and sometimes 200 kids at them and I would uh

Wow

Yeah, you don't have to say anything. Um So yeah, these large meetings at at absolutely large meeting and, you know, being able to keep these kid's attention and entertain them and also teach them uh both with like kind of like sports olympics as well as real English grammar and Also drama. We put on shows with the kids. So we had, you know, after lunch we would Buildout a skit or something um. and then perform that on the at the end of the week. So these are all large meetings definitely that I was in charge of not only scheduling, deciding, deciding on what to do and then schedule it and then actualize it Um And then, you know, resolve it uh. So for the National Ultimate Frisbee League of South Korea, many large meetings as well because I was the execu- executive league manager. So meetings uh. every season, meetings with captains where decided what to talk about, important issues, important questions um the flow, the schedule of that meeting and also board meetings uh the board uh this Frisbee League had a board that was voted on that was voted in uh Every season by the whole league. So meetings with them uh and just, you know, building out um, a uh itinerary that we would be doing and the action items coming out of both the captain meeting and the uh board meeting Uh, and then, you know, through the week or through the whole season uh, of course these these weekends that we're playing on are meetings and uh, you know, had to build out the schedules for the teams to play each other and uh Yeah. These are very large meetings because they are um teams playing against each other with physicality and emotions and uh, you know, having to also organize the parties and where where people might eat dinner and organize money with parties and uh sponsorship events um So, yeah, lots of lots of leading large meetings whenever I was the executive manager of the National Ultimate Frisbee League of South Korea. Um Sooo uh, large meetings when I was a the high school STEM teach STEM and English teacher in uh in Korea. So, in Daegu uh I was teaching the STEM curricula through the advanced uh, to advanced placement Korean students and yeah, so large meetings, of course uh some uh assembly meetings uh, you know, in the in the gym or whatever, I would speak at and also all the all of my classroom interactions were uh large meetings. of course, um and also parent teacher conferences and teacher conferences or also you know, conferences with the principal Um. And what did I do in those? Uh, so yeah, I mean You can you can kind of guess the things that I had to do, right? And uh, there were good uh, good outcomes. So, for Rockwell Automation, large meetings um Yeah, so I had to lead many of the uh status updates weekly um daily whatever and Yeah. 'kay, large meetings um, I also had to attend and participate and uh take action items for large meetings either for the clients or for our part of uh whatever uh project we're doing. That was for Rockwell Automation. For uh Venture Tech Um. large meetings might be um whenever we have to Uh, present our our and demo our uh you know, I was the one who was demoing our system after we would explain the value of the system to potential investors or other interested parties Um, so yeah, the the Sentien the Senior Safe app that we um built and I did all the classification system for and the uh the the uh the RAG system for the voice agent um that was all my design, both of those um and I also, of course, did the iOS app where my boss was doing the Android app Uh So yeah, large meetings, uh those those could get up to, you know, 10 people sometimes, but uh Yes