um uh while I was there so you know a lot of high school like whatever you don't have to say anything by the way. Um

Huh. Mm-hmm.

Uh so Yeah, so there there were um often unco- cooperative uh students either physically or not interested or whatever it was important to delegate and prep for that so uh going into any kind of uh classroom situation having a plan for uh what happens if there's uh somebody who's physically uh disruptive or um or not interested uh and you know one one person is able to kind of uh resolve that while the other person continues a lesson or whatever or even the afternoon activities that are more physical and uh kind of Olympics type of situations, different uh groups um mixed uh mixed uh age instead of um all the same age like the morning um so there as well, you know, conflict conflict resolution and uh you know, physical versus being bored uh the the show must go on. So uh that you know uncooperative customer had a lot of experience with that in dealing with it and I was always the the manager of of uh of all the teachers. So I was the one organizing and deciding um You know, at at some at some point uh, you know, what's what is the best way, you know, you know, before it happens, having a plan for uh uh if if something happens, can you please take care of it while you know, while I keep the show going. um um yeah

Mm-hmm.

. So what else have I done? So uncooperative for the Frisbee League in South Korea Whenever I was managing the Frisbee League there uh some captains were very uncooperative and uh maybe would disagree um with uh with me or with other captains and you know I would I would have um other captains that I trust maybe uh try to do side- conversations and try to learn uh you know maybe maybe they were fighting with me on something so asking somebody if they could learn what that person was doing and see if there was another way of uh getting that information from the person or uh you know um kind of seeing what they're coming from from not my perspective but from somebody else's perspective. So uncooperative customers um, in that sense could be the other captains whenever I was managing the Frisbee League uh let's see uncooperative in South Korea so when I was doing a teaching STEM as an English teacher uh English and STEM uh unco- uncooperative students um there wasn't too many uncooperative students, uh they were very very smart and very interested in what they were doing because they were Uh, coming from wealthy backgrounds but I guess okay I did substitute in some middle schools sometimes and yeah there were uncooperative students there and uh um I had to keep the lesson going um after uh, you know, maybe bring them to the Korean uh, English teacher and I was the native English teacher so, you know, kind of um uhh, keep-keep the lesson going after a brief pause um to get that uh, student what they need or um, kind of figure out what needs to happen um Jackson and Mars uncooperative customers might mean uh let's see uhhhhhh... People in the crowd wanting to come on stage when it's uh unsafe and having to kind of um nicely propose that they not come on stage or kind of uh lead them back down with a smile and not yell at them or something. So there there's you know, the social aspect, but also the urgency of uh of it being dangerous uh having to be uh kind of navigated Uh let's see Um or uh I guess uncooperative uh maybe venues having um I don't really know. I don't really know if there's any any uncooperative venues. uh but I guess some sound engineers were unco-op uncooperative so it's similar to that you have to use tact and you have to use um you know do things with a smile even if you don't you know totally agree with it um so that things move smoothly. Rockwell Automation um often uncooperative um uh maybe the PLC guys uh don't agree that they need to be integrated uh or um uh... you know, they they want more ownership and they don't want to hand over the keys to their system um so having to navigate that um with the uh machine execution systems touching and kind of controlling their PLCs, the control their systems uh let's see uncooperative customers with venture tech um I guess payment was uh an issue with some of our clients uh so that's kind of an um uncooperative um client, which is kind of like an uncooperative customer um so having to nav to navigate uh the complexities of being asked to do things with not being paid for the previous things having to deal with that with tact uh so there kind of secretary person you know uh proposing that they um email a very specific thing after listening to a little bit of their new requirements even though you know we can't really keep going on their requirements until they paid us for the other thing so there's of course a lot of tact there so with Venture Tech you know the various clients uh you have to really manage um the business side with the relationship side um and you know make sure that things are moving smoothly and that you know we don't lose any uh client work but we also do get paid at the same time so, a lot of navigation there. Uh let's see for Sentien. Can't think of anything for Sentien