All right, let's talk about the importance oftracking and version control and Git and uh repositories and releases and documentation. Um, so I've developed a- a bunch of habits of- by the way, you don't have to respond. Please don't uh make any sounds um. So the importance of, so I've developed many habits including Um naming habits. So whenever I'm naming a file uh, there's you know, I do not suspect this file is the first ever version and sometimes you- you know you have to keep versions even if it's in the cloud sometimes because it's something you may have been emailing out uh so I start often with you know

Mm-hmm.

v00 cause I expect up to a hundred copies of this. So uh if- if you do something like that, it will um It'll mean you won't have master uh last- last for sure uh, you know, like all these insane endings of documents which aren't aren't useful. Um, so numbered documents that are uh built in such a way that they will uh sort as well in order um. So sorting is also key um cause you know many things are files these days. So I also have developed a way you know, I- I use uh year- month- day- hour- minute- second for uh for my z- you know, Filenames often um so you know so you have alphabetical order of these file names is also chronological order and um You know, it's also not confusing for international people. So, you know, th- US uses um, or I guess English speakers use month- day- year. But uh, you know, Latin speakers, um, uh, Spanish or Italian might say day- month- year uh, those can be very confusing because what is 01-02 mean? uh it could mean either you know, the second of January or the first of February. So yeah, it's terrible to use those things but uh you also want to use numbers because they sort, right? Um so uh, you know, over- over the years uh a long time ago actually I decided to use uh you know I'm very particular about these things and I have uh strong opinion uh let's see uh regarding uh Git and version control. Yeah, even for uh my own projects I heavily use version control. Again like I said Any build that I create from a from a- like if I'm making a song or something uh, the output will be build uh six two. Sixty two- sixty second build um. So, you know I you expect a hundred versions of something or you know you start with 00. UhCounting is- counting from zero as well cause uh starting as a programmer um uh so importance of documentation um Yeah it's important to document um uh- so like in a- in a git repository uh using flags for uh okay this one from this commit uh this is where We pushed version uh 16 to uh the App Store to the iOS App Store or this is where we uh pushed version 22 to the Android Store so they're from you know in the same repository and you can reproduce that app from the code and it will be exactly where uh that that app was produced. So it can be- it's reproducible. So Basically, version control and documentation uh allows for reproducibility which is a huge battle to win um Releases uh let's see, importance of repositories uh yeah I'm a heavy user of Git um and uh basically I'm using it right now to build all this stuff as well Um