difficult technical problem. Uh, let's talk about Audience AI, the app that I made from scratch. I did the entire thing. React Native. You don't have to say anything. Um, you can just listen. Um. So, basically I had to decide how to do this fromfrom the ground up. Um and the end result is basically you want to have a video of me uh you want to have a video of the user uh the user is practicing stand-up and uh you have a laugh track somehow. So, uh, you know, I- I've described this elsewhere so I don't have to describe it too much. But uh you can infer uh how- you know, how this was a difficult technical problem uh but the requirements were just as I said um an app that would work on iOS or Android that does that so I had to build out the whole system of um recording and uh classification of uh it being um uh uh- Funny or not, you know, between 0 and 1. Funniness score and uh of course train the neural network uh to um to figure out what is funny Uh, based on audio cues that uh, the human might the human might say um, and this is all being updated in in real time. Um with CNN's and LSTM's Uh So Yeah, that was uh a very, very difficult and challenging and uh required a lot of whiteboarding. I whiteboarded the FFmpeg procedure, which has uh, you know, raw video then uh normalize- normalization then add the laugh uh, time stamps and the- the MP3 specifically from the uh which bucket to um, in which uh, laugh was actually chosen. Then you render the laugh video uh FFmpeg that that- those laughs in and then you stick on the watermark and so that's another FFmpeg And then you have the water video. And then you First you combine the logo with- the user's- username uh- in one FFmpeg video, and then you tack that on with another FFmpeg command onto the video, onto the water video such that you would have the full video. So there's quite a few FFmp egs that all have to happen with pulling different information and uh whatever and then you have a video that can be downloaded or pushed to your social media Um, let's see, and uh, yeah, the playing laughs I described playing laughs- elsewhere so you can find that Um, other technical stuff uh to differentiate laughter from voice, you could al- uh, you know a um I described a uh a way to auto auto find things that are funny based on uh you know audience laughter is more more white noisy so you know if you have a signal that um that shows white noise that is more likely to be uh laughter or yeah, that is more likely to be audience laughter so that's actually the thing you're going to be predicting uh so the things that are just before that are going to be uh they're going to have vocal indications for the audience to laugh, which isyou know, part of it is of course the semantics, but I was just using the vocal quality the cues that the um the com- comedian was saying uh so, you know- being able to train a neural network to first detect uh laughter versus speech and then using that As uh as as the uh the policy had um to be able to uh determine whether those things that are being said are indeed funny uh when when exactly is it funny Uh so it's very very difficult technical problem right there. Uh senior safe is also, you know, senior safe of sentient is a uh very difficult problem because um Yeah, I mean, I think I described that, so I don't have to describe that again. Um, other difficult problems. Let's see, let's see Let's see- let's see- let's see let's. See. See- let's see. Let's see, let's see, let's see. let's see- let's see- let's see. Let's see- let's see- let's see difficult problems okay. I guess. I mean, tons of difficult problems with uh um uh my Frisbee league in South Korea Um people getting hurt um There was a difficult problem this also also an ethical dilemma uh where you know these kids are um kind of sev- some some kids that were playing with us were 17 and uh you know we're in a different country and we're not using American laws necessarily because we're in South Korea but uh should this kid be invited to the bar? Maybe the bartenders and, you know, they wouldn't get kicked out, but is is that is that legal? Is it ethical? Uh so, you know, that's a that's a difficult situation to deal with. Um Other technical problems. Uh Yeah, quite a few technical problems with um everything that I've uh described