Alright, now we're going to talk about multiple deadlines

Mm-hmm.

. uh So at Accolay... uh I was the English teacher at- in Italy Associazione Culturale Linguistica

Mm-hmm.

Educacional um... You know, multiple deadlines. There was always multiple deadlines. I was the one creating the schedule for not only for not you don't have to talk just listen. uh I was the one creating the schedule for these camps with the kids both in Italy for

Ah. Okay.

for, you know, many, many different weeks all over the uh in many different cities... for months at a time in remote locations and cities etcetera but also in, in England whenever I took the kids to England uh- on a plane- I was managing the schedule for not only the flights, but um.. you know bed time morning time food etc

Mm-hmm. Right.

um I was managing deadlines for also when I was a- the periggoti- pedagogy teacher, I was teaching the teachers how to teach and um of course

Mm-hmm.

, there uh there are multiple deadlines for um all kinds of things so um you know, organizing uh the helpers and the other pedagogy teachers um- to make sure that we have, um- Everything in place. Timelines uh action items assigned to exactly one person type of a thing uh let's see- Regarding multiple deadlines with um uh the National Frisbee League of South Korea uh

Right. Mm-hmm.

Yeah my- I you know, would define at a high level a lot of things that we needed to do and uh my secretary would instantiate them and kind of uh- uh take them on because she also spoke Korean um and uh- of course getting buy in from uh- all the various regional leaders, the board members of the league that were uh voted in by uh- all the league players and all the captains of all the different all the 35 teams in South Korea uh- so you know there's lot there's a lot of deadlines that might have to do with um

Yeah. Sounds like you had

and it also integrated

oh,

Yeah, stop. You don't have to talk uh- it also integrated uh- the ability to send out uh- groups of action items to individuals so these action items are pulled and um emailed with a- with the click of a button once a week. So that's pretty cool. And I built that all uh- from scratch- That- that was VBA mostly uh- that system the emailing system because that was all Excel uh, let's see other- Multiple deadlines yeah, of course all those clients for Rockwell multiple deadlines um- that's what Rockwell was- That was- that's what you know uh- mission execution systems are very, very massive uh- Projects for- Fortune 500 companies um- so VentureTech, multiple deadlines uh- yeah, of course so different clients all working at this- you know, working on different clients and startup projects at the same time um- so in deciding you know when to spend time on what and uh you know, offering uh- when things should be done um you know um- It was a little bit uh- more free flowing but of- of course still schedules were important especially when we had uh- deadlines for app releases etcetera uh Sentien um uh- can't really think of anything schedule-wise uh- well manag managing deadlines I guess um You know, we are- we are I was in charge of the iOS app uh- I'm not sure if there's any deadlines necessarily related to that So I'm going to stop here