Alright, now let's do requirements changed Uh, so let me look at my notes

Mm-hmm.

Okay, you don't have to say anything, just listen Uh, so requirements changing. Uh Uh, I guess sometimes things change with Acle in Italy with uh teaching the kids, and, you know

Mm-hmm.

um, you don't please don't respond. um Tsk. So that could be an example of having to be kind of light on your feet and be able to, you know, do things differently if it's raining, you have to do this event inside and have a plan um or if uh some kid has to leave right before the main show at the end of the week uh you have to be able to either, you know, do that yourself or, you know, come up with a good plan if if, if that kid was a star maybe some other kid has to be the star or something. So requirements can change often with uh teaching kids or with dealing with kids um regarding whatever you're doing, lesson planning uh, expectations from parents etc um. Okay, so requirements changing for uh uh Frisbee League organization. So weather is a big one, um or um finding out that we don't have a uh, uh, venue that we thought we did. um so that's a big requirements change and you have to be able to adapt and you know quickly get on on your feet to find a solution whether that's canceling, whether that's uh uh- delaying whether that's uh moving to a different city, to a different venue Um or uh yeah, so requirements can change a lot for um for how um frisbee leagues may be managed um as an executive manager um Uh. Jackson Mars Uh, too many requirements there. Let's see. Rockwell Yeah, require-requirements change all the time, so uh that's a little bit more easy to deal with with uh with agile and kind of using Jira because you're just going to be um moving through things with you know, kind of sprints but um With uh with uh waterfall um you know documenting things and making sure that we're all on the same page with, uh, you know, this is, this is what we talked about. This is the new this is the new waterfall for the project and you know assuming everything is done at these dates uh we will be done at this point um so you know being a project manager and uh you know dealing with requirement changes is um something I've done extensively uh whenever I'm building apps for Sprayer Loyalty Program, I mean Sprayer Integrity Program or for our um our fraud detection app um. You know, we're kind of making our own requirements for the fraud detection app, which I do push back on to uh to keep it uh, you know single focus, you know there's the idea that having too many options is um is a is bad for a customer choice. There should be just like, do you want this or not type of a thing often. So uh, I push backs- push back on feature creep within our own uh, within our own app to keep it uh, kind of simple and exactly one thing that we have to explain what it does um, requirement apps from other clients um, of course you have to deal with uh, scope creep and uh, you know, you paid me to do this, but now we're doing that, so how, you know, how does how does the payment change um So you have to be uh we- I am very clear about uh, you know, do I understand exactly? I always reiterate at the end of the meeting what exactly uh, my understanding was and uh, you know, once it's reiterated it create action items of those of those items and you know, compare against um, you know, verbally on, well on paper uh, compare against what uh- we had planned versus what we're doing now and uh- give kind of what the yield will be from that. What's the consequences of that uh- likely um. in all in professional speech. That happened often with uh Rockwell Automation and all those clients as well as the clients of Venturetech um. Um. Yeah, so that's that's uh requirements change