um, you don't please don't respond. um Tsk. So that could be an example of having to be kind of light on your feet and be able to, you know, do things differently if it's raining, you have to do this event inside and have a plan um or if uh some kid has to leave right before the main show at the end of the week uh you have to be able to either, you know, do that yourself or, you know, come up with a good plan if if, if that kid was a star maybe some other kid has to be the star or something. So requirements can change often with uh teaching kids or with dealing with kids um regarding whatever you're doing, lesson planning uh, expectations from parents etc um. Okay, so requirements changing for uh uh Frisbee League organization. So weather is a big one, um or um finding out that we don't have a uh, uh, venue that we thought we did. um so that's a big requirements change and you have to be able to adapt and you know quickly get on on your feet to find a solution whether that's canceling, whether that's uh uh- delaying whether that's uh moving to a different city, to a different venue Um or uh yeah, so requirements can change a lot for um for how um frisbee leagues may be managed um as an executive manager um Uh. Jackson Mars Uh, too many requirements there. Let's see. Rockwell Yeah, require-requirements change all the time, so uh that's a little bit more easy to deal with with uh with agile and kind of using Jira because you're just going to be um moving through things with you know, kind of sprints but um With uh with uh waterfall um you know documenting things and making sure that we're all on the same page with, uh, you know, this is, this is what we talked about. This is the new this is the new waterfall for the project and you know assuming everything is done at these dates uh we will be done at this point um so you know being a project manager and uh you know dealing with requirement changes is um something I've done extensively uh whenever I'm building apps for Sprayer Loyalty Program, I mean Sprayer Integrity Program or for our um our fraud detection app um. You know, we're kind of making our own requirements for the fraud detection app, which I do push back on to uh to keep it uh, you know single focus, you know there's the idea that having too many options is um is a is bad for a customer choice. There should be just like, do you want this or not type of a thing often. So uh, I push backs- push back on feature creep within our own uh, within our own app to keep it uh, kind of simple and exactly one thing that we have to explain what it does um, requirement apps from other clients um, of course you have to deal with uh, scope creep and uh, you know, you paid me to do this, but now we're doing that, so how, you know, how does how does the payment change um So you have to be uh we- I am very clear about uh, you know, do I understand exactly? I always reiterate at the end of the meeting what exactly uh, my understanding was and uh, you know, once it's reiterated it create action items of those of those items and you know, compare against um, you know, verbally on, well on paper uh, compare against what uh- we had planned versus what we're doing now and uh- give kind of what the yield will be from that. What's the consequences of that uh- likely um. in all in professional speech. That happened often with uh Rockwell Automation and all those clients as well as the clients of Venturetech um. Um. Yeah, so that's that's uh requirements change
All right, now we're gonna do collaboration with stakeholders Let's start with uh, I guess for Rock U. It should be pretty obvious for the frisbee leagues, um, it's pretty obvious we kind of already talked about that uh, getting people on board Um So, oh, by the way, just don't don't respond, just listen Uh. Please don't make any sounds Okay uh so

Mm-hmm. Okay.

uh, Collab with stakeholders with Rockwell. Uh there's, obvi-, there's often, there was often um, you know for any project, there's many, many different bays with many different uh, companies doing the uh, doing the machining the PLCs, running the PLCs, running QA or up in the ERP Business layer. So um, you know, collab with stakeholders as many, many stakeholders uh both monetarily and um, you know via working with the project uh so, you know, a good- what I would do often is um, uh collect uh, you know, email out if if there is uh if there's going to be a big meeting email out Uh. what are the topics that you would like to talk about. uh beforehand And then uh, you know, compile kind of uh and see if you can kind of merge some of these topics into similar topics so that you have uh a list of items to go through. And I always uh used OneNote to uh very clearly lay these things out. I had uh a very clear system of using OneNote. I always take notes and um so uh yeah so then you would also email out the the list of topics that we would be discussing at the meeting so people are come prepared um and then at the meeting yeah go through that list in fact and make sure that we're getting you know using the time wisely um and uh you know, ask at the end of any uh session, ask if there's any questions or if we, if we can move on or if uh somebody didn't speak up and you expected them to have an opinion, then maybe calling them in uh you know, making it socially a um a smooth interaction with all parties involved uh So let's see what else with um And that was with Rockwell. And I I guess that's also with uh Venturetech, with our clients

Mm-hmm.

Um. Okay, let's see with uh- Let's see, let's see, let's see. Collab with stakeholders. Um Yeah, okay, so at whenever I was a high school STEM teacher, the science teacher at uh Science and English teacher at- in Korea um. Lots of stakeholders um um you know, the the the teachers all have to be on the same page with curriculum. Creation um so, you know uh spearheading kind of the the pieces that I I wanted to do and kind of teaching how uh or showing how those things would work Some more ac- more active activities like doing egg drop um with uh, you know, kind of a a bidding session before So that's a really good um way to learn how to use resources and to plan ahead and having to do that in English and using science all together um and deciding you know materials and having to learn how to use English to describe materials , if you don't know the names exactly. Um so yeah, collaboration with stakeholders uh is definitely uh huge in using uh or in uh lesson planning and uh curriculum planning, with um with teaching let's see where else have I done collab with stakeholders and of course we have stakeholders, we have investors for Senior Safe so uh collaborations with them um involve uh quarterly reports in which we have to you know give uh, you know, based on the things that we said we were doing before, how how we're doing on that, what problems have we had uh, what new things are we doing uh, where have we steered so- Communication with stakeholders is key for our investors