Okay, you don't have to answer any of these. Um. I'm just I just need you for- transcription basically. So you don't have to answer. Please don't respond. Okay, so question one, if, uh, these are interview questions, by the way. So uh question one, please summarize the training, skills, and experience that have prepared you for this flight simulation software position. Uh so- my response needs to include uh STAR format, of course, but uh- specifically I'm just gonna speak it out first and then we can put it in a STAR for- format later. Uh so skills uh- low-level programming, understanding of machine hardware uh- CPU architectures uh- machine code, assembly code, C, C++ uh- Experience um, building RTS games that are- uh- A- purely physics based um- generalized physics friction uh- F equals MA uh- torque etc- Um. Uh- What else has prepared me for the experience with the flight simulation software Uh- Yeah. Uh- some- many, many video games uh- and dealing with um you know- poli- position, velocity, acceleration using derivatives and integrals uh- to uh kind of approximate those things. Um- and- 10 years of software experience, um, and kind of a native uh- oh- and uh- digital signal processing skills coming from uh- music and from many courseworks regard-uh- you know- analog communication uh- DSP uh- Fourier transform type stuff Uh-  Uh- native understanding of Um uh Uh- native understanding of signals um- when- like when to use what, filtering, how to use filters for Um. 2D, 3D. Um- data Okay, uh- Next question. Oh, can you hear me

 . Okay, next question is, tell us about the most complex software program system you have ever designed or developed. Um let's see- Probably the most, uh- complex one is my RTS game Um which has tons of moving parts. It has network uh communication with WebRTC sockets um- game lobbies that are fleeting um, and just we have deterministic lockstep which has to be the same across different architectures uh so we're using fixed point math instead of floats. Um And yeah, that's very complex. Um- m-maintaining state and checking- determinism uh- in a lightweight during the game and in a heavyweight for um- whenever we're actually building the system. Uh. So other complex systems um b-the other major complex system that I've built- well, I guess there's two- um- SeniorSafe is of course aim-a- huge complex system um- which, you know- the goal the uh- task is to um- prevent seniors from- um giving out dangerous information or doing dangerous activities um- from people requesting those things uh uh- over the phone- fraudulent stuff over the phone um the action the task was to build a system that would prevent and help um with the cognition on with the with the cognitive load to help the seniors um- not be defrauded over the phone. Actions that I took were building a classification system uh- with very fancy uh- transcription using uh- redacted um- transcription and you know building out- various architectures that could consume those transcriptions in an elegant way uh- you know, turn-based etc, uh- so that and you know- classifying in 50 different- arc- uh- 50 different uh- classifiers conversationally and also turn-based with context um uh- so, also, I built the vector database rag system for the voice agent that would come in after the fact um- and of course I built all the- the- the streaming server which um- manage the audio uh- And um- Uh- what else did I do? Yeah, and I- I was the one that trained and deployedthe classification models, and also gave routes for our embedding model which was used for um- doing cosine similarity to find um uh- matches for Both the senior uh- matching the senior's conversation or questions and matching the um- the fraudster. So the fraudster, the main goal was to see if they are repeating the same information over and over and, you know, that was a separate score of how repetitive or how diverse is uh- what that sing- uh- what that person has said um- so, that's yeah- very complicated uh- another absolutely massive project was um spray integrity program which had um- in my opinion- had uh- feature creep pretty bad, pretty hardcore um- but it had, uh an extensive system of estimates uh- track and trace um- product, information- uh- ev- everything under the sun- we were managing um- printing labels uh- managing the product inventory um- so essentially track and trace for um- not only the sprayers themselves uh- if they were managing a small group of them, but also um uh- producers, any kind of company that uh- was selling or distributing spray materials or whatever uh- yeah- very- you know- so we had many different types of logins and a login uh- could have ah- you know- different functionalities so the database was absolutely Um you know, very, very complex um. Um-  But- yeah, it was very manage- manage-m-manageable using React Native uh- I was the one doing the uh- React Native app and- also I was the one doing the iOS app in SeniorSafe, by the way uh- let's see- another Oh, can you hear me


 Okay, the next question. Describe a difficul- technical problem where the cause was initially unclear Um- How did you diagnose and solve it Um- a dic- you know- a technical problem that the cause was initially unclear Well, okay, so the task is to


 Okay, I'm gonna skip that one above, but I'm gonna just talk about the next one


 So, you, yeah, again, you don't have to respond. Um. Tell us about a time you had incomplete or ambiguous requirements. How did you determine what needed to be built? Um. So for both Um. Uh. Sprayer integrity program and uh Sentien. Uh there's examples of super vague requirements uh for Sentien when exactly do you come in? What kind of a-c-what is the uh classification system? You know, what are we classifying? How are we classifying? Uh that's incredibly um vague. um and what did what did that was the task is to define when to come in. um and implement that uh my action was to sit and think about what actually does make a conversation uh dangerous um and exhaustively kind of categorize um things that might happen on a call that would make those things dangerous um and build out the- the system for categorizing um both uh synthetic dataset items as well as the system for categorizing real world items uh that come from our calls um for human agents to be able to um to categorize. um so uh you know

 And then the model training is a completely separate from that But uh those were some actions that I took and uh trained the model on those, clearly, and uh created a uh meta category called um. called Danger. from those categories that should theoretically find um. that theoretically did or wo- should find as well uh categories between categories they were looking for. So if we can define categories of things that are dangerous um and then also group those, a transformer language model should be able to find uh kind of cracks as well. um, of what might be dangerous between them. um. And then the result was a system that is extremely good at- at categorizing and catching fraud uh dangerous conversations um and yeah Passing it over to the voice agent that comes in. And then for s- um- For SIP Sprayer Integrity Program, um Almost every requirement was extremely vague. um uh they would request This is a brand new system that we were building for them and uh it was going through many iterations and many different things that they might want to focus on at different times. um. So these meetings were We need to focus on this now. And I was the primary um interrogator of their Um Very ambiguous kind of requests. I would whiteboard like as we were going, and I would also send uh meeting minutes and uh summaries and uh you know architecture um kind of you know high level information about the meeting and the requirements to get sign off before we started working on them um uh

 Yeah, I guess those 2 work for for that


 Give us an example of integrating several software components into or sub- or subsystems into a functioning system uh.  Yeah, I think um tch Senior Safe is a great example, obviously uh So, yeah AI servers that are trained so the trying to keep as as few projects as possible that kind of um um do multiple things at once. um so our uh you know, our training and our we basically had like 1 uh Node.js streaming server, one Python server that had the training, the deployment, everything all wrapped up um and it could be deployed or used in various different ways um tch and So yes, well software components or subsystems. uh of course uh we have our backend API with the database you know architecture Regarding uh users and, you know, past Information, um, vector search etcetera. We had the streaming server, we had the AI server um. and integrations with various uh metadata. gathering info, um, you know Google APIs to ping, to see if uh telephone numbers are on Google Maps essentially um So tons of metadata and uh voice classification in real time

 All communicating with each other. Okay uh Let


 Here's another question. Describe a time you had to define, improve, or or define or improve a software architecture, interface, or API. Um

 Well, I often had- Oh

 Uh, you don't have to respond You just Just listen, I just need you for transcription- transcription. Um, okay, so The uh-updating an API. Um Okay, updating an HMI for Um. At Rockwell. Um What did I do first? So the task was to Um. Develop and instantiate a new HMI. Um and I. First diagrammed it on Um. I diagrammed Uh- S-, you know, some- this new functionality on PowerPoint first. And then Described, you know, Basically Had the button to take us to different locations or whatever. Uh and then Presented it to some higher ups Um, the client as well as, um, our project manager. Then Uh, Got a sign off on it via- via email, said that this is- this would look good and then implemented it. The result was uh, a clean Uh, human machine interface. For Um I can't remember what it was for. We can say for Let's say f- it was for Lucid Motors Um Uh, torque tool

 Describe a situation where you had to choose between meeting schedul- meeting a schedule and protecting software quality or reliability. Uh. One. Thing that comes to mind. With, uh Um, was when I was disagreeing about whether something should be one or two database tables. Um. and I was because I was trained onSQL and but uh my colleague was not. He learned Um. himself on the job Uh It was essentially something where there was a physical item and then there was the use of that item that were um in my head two separate things. Uh physical item is cannot be, you know There's one of them, and then the use of that thing can be many. So it's a many to one relationship Um, but You know, we wanted to roll out this system Uh, to get it working and show the client as soon as possible Um And the client did not have any kind of Requirement for the system being or this this item being used multiple times, that that was our assumption. And it was a correct assumption based on uh some side conversations that we had. But that was not a core part of the um uh part of the requirement Describe Yup

 Oh you don't have to say anything, you're just listening. Um

 Okay, so things that I did, yeah, so thing things that I did Um, I Heavily disagreed with uh this other person Um But we eventually I conceded elegantlyand without, you know without uh pushing too hard that you know, if if the goal now as long as we can describe it as such is to get it out the door Um It's. Maybe we don't have to do this right now, and only whenever the requirement comes uh clearly that that is needed that we should do that because there's other functionality in this app as well and we don't need to build something that wasn't asked. Um So the result was a slightly less perfect database structure for this specific item Um but Uh, we shipped it. and we moved on. and eventually we didn't have to build that. but that was a year later

 Okay, let's use machine execution systems at uh Rockwell at Lucid Motors for the- exam- another example of integrating several software components. by the way, you don't have to say anything, just listen please. Uh so uh Yeah, so machine execution systems are by definition, um, several software components and subsystems all- working together. So we had to integrate um uh- you know, from business requirements mapping those to uh specific actions that have to- have to be taken at some bay that a car is rolling into And uh- those being defined um- Very cleanly So for, you know, this car door, you may have A torque- torques that have to happen five different times at, you know um certain- you know, there's a certain pressure or whatever the unit was

 and um Essentially- Having to do the full uh trace of getting that piece, scanning the box um and then you know, confirming uh- you know- b- being able to- Give the instructions to the torque machine, and then confirm back uh that that torque was actually used um and then having a sign off by the human at the end uh saying everything is correct. um on the HMI, so, you know, that's a quite a few little pieces there, hardware, phys- software, database um Yeah

 Describe a project you executed from beginning to end? How did you know it was successful? Uh, so One example of that for me is um audience AI which was an app uh- that you don't have to say anything by the way It was a standalone app that had a neural network built in

 The app would record the user and um Uh, I think you you actually know quite a lot about this. But uh, yeah, so I guess the only thing you have to know Star wise Is uh So the result Was uh- Well, I guess the actions, you know, I had to define everything, um def- define- the various APIs of the neural network and system and the DSP those involved Um and the result was Um us getting paid So we did exactly as the client asked


 Um. The App eventually um was not able to continue to be built because uh FFMPEG was removed from NPM But uh, that is neither here nor there and um I would love to rebuild it, but it was successful because um we made the money that we were looking for

 Uh, here's another question. Tell us about a time you took initiative to improve or develop a development or testing process Um. So. For Sentien Uh, I guess t-the task would be to uh improve Um Whenever to stop training a model

 Um. classification model, you don't have to say anything by the way Um. And what we Uh- what I did was um I'd- I'd built out MLflow to be able to track these visually Um and then based on Um. You know, validation. Signals that I'm- I'm seeing. As soon as there's some kind of patience uh- of when the validation has stopped improving um. That's the- when- when we can uh when we can stop training And uh I guess, you know, uh- building out the MLflow visual is a confirmation of when those things are happening um- instead of just uh you know, kind of relying on the code that we are uh- that we've implemented. Um And also being able to see Different things, uh, you know, across time, validation curves Um- based on- you know- all the pra- all the hyperparameters that we might be playing around with in the different architectures. Um So yeah

 You don't have to say anything, just listen. I need you for the transcription. Here's another one. Tell us about the time you had to learn a new technology or a technical domain quickly. Uh, so I was tasked. to uh. do neural, you know, to, to use neural networks for both audience AI, as well as Sentien Um, Audience AI, I decided myself. to use um Voice because I was familiar with it. And uh, I understood convolutional neural-uh neural nets at that point Um. And voice was, you know, um a bucketed. situation where um. uh What do you call them Spectral. different spectral buckets were uh, you know, they are related to one another. So convolution kind of makes sense Um. And I-I was doing it uh statefully. I tried it with LSTMs and stateful uh but convolution was better And uh so I had to learn that kind of stuff for Audience AI and uh implement it And then I also had to learn how to do uh how to use transformer encoders for Sentien and really dug in extremely deep. and was a and uh able to compose my own and you know re-rewrite the attention patterns within the model. To be able to do multi-turn supervision Um. and uh really pay attention to which tokens are doing what and not just blindly doing everything, always printing out um to-to ensure that the architecture is exactly what is intended. And the result was great products for both of those



 Here's another question. Describe a time project requirements or priorities changed after development had already begun

 Um. So yeah, that's, you know a big issue with Rockwell especially as well Uh, but for SIP

 Um you don't have to say anything. Please just uh just listen. I need you for the transcription Uh for SIP, Sprayer Integrity Program. Um. Project requirements were changing quite often Um, for example, okay, we don't need this chat-bot anymore. Can you just hide it Um. But of course, you know, we document uh the important thing is to document the time spent on these things. So Um. You know, uh If there's functionality that is um that is dead functionality we-we still have to get paid for it because it was functionality at some point Um, so you know we'll hide the front end um behind some config variables uh leave the back end APIs where they were Um Um because those don't necessarily need to change Um and yeah, kind of just moved moved to the, the next functionality Um And yeah, you know, using testing environments like a TestFlight for Expo or TestFlight for native iOS Um and Android apps Um. Most most people had iOS, so we had to do it through TestFlight. Um. So yeah, the result was, you know, having a great uh relationship with uh SIP Um and being able to you know, build anything that they needed Uh changing project requirements also for um Uh 3M So for them very, very chaotic Um. We ended up canceling the whole product, or the whole situation. Um But yeah, project requirements were handed to us And I found myself mostly just handling the pure documentation and time stamping of all these things because it was getting so crazy Um. So at that point for that project, I was the um the on the ground project manager and um you know, I had to uh very cleanly document these things so that uh, you know, these Fortune 500 companies could Negotiate with one another. Um and the result was a Uh. You know, a good negotiation for the-for the termination of the project Um. But you know, under under the, under the circumstances it was the best that we could do

 Uh, tell us about a time you had multiple important activities happening concurrently. How did you prioritize them? Um

 You don't have to say you don't have to say anything. You don't have to say anything. Just listen I need you for the transcript. Yes

 Okay, so uh What I did was um make sure that my schedule was clear on my calendar for whatever uh kind of meetings I might have needed uh. I often had to uh step out of office, step out of Lucid Motors to take calls for 3M when I was down in Arizona. So, I was project managing um 3M at the same time I was uh, on the ground engineering for Lucid Motors and tracking time a-a- accordingly um. How did I prioritize them? Um, if there were conflicts between those um I had to choose, and you know, make sure that somebody filled in with for me. So uh, you know I guess, the task is um juggling multiple important activities. My action was being clear with my time and having enough buffer between them uh making sure that there were secondary people if if there was overlapping time to be able to handle, you know, whatever task there was and be able to field questions on that. Um and the result was I was able to work on many projects at once

 Here's another example. Uh

 Please don't say anything. I just need you for transcription Uh, here's the question

 . Give us an example of working with people from another discipline such as systems, test. Hardware, product, or operations. Um, at Lucid Motors. Uh, with Rockwell. Um. We were dealing with PLC engineers, uh, QA engineers, as well as Um. Uh Operators Um Bay operators Um. So Yeah those- those are obviously different systems. Uh, these, um, PLC guys would control the machines, uh, directly. Uh, we were not. Supposed to touch any machine Um... But Yeah, so the task was you know building these machine execution systems uh with disparate machines um, integrating uh, track and trace with them, integrating um. Giving commands and uh listening to Uh, completion or uh Uh-uh- uh. Actual- actual values of whatever came out of these machines. Um, Documenting. Um And the result was integration with uh, many disparate systems and ERP

 I guess the situation where you had to choose between meeting a schedule and protecting software quality or rel- reliability. We can also use that old um, the


 SIP uh, barrel system where uh. The other engineer was suggesting that we have a single database table for these barrels, but I was suggesting that we have a separate one for the physical item and the usage of that item. So we can use that for the We can use that for the uh situation where you had to choose between a

 meeting a schedule and protecting software quality and reliability

 Uh for 3M we can talk about uh negotiations. Um so luckily I was uh I had- -noted um- Everything that had happened uh very clearly uh with with OneNote for all of our meetings

 You don't have to- -you don't have to say anything. Please just be quiet

 Um. So whenever we negotiated uh how much you know, whenever one of our projects fell apart, we were able to use uh- -tons and tons of um action items time stamped to uh different meetings that we had uh very clearly in our negotiation of how much we should get paid for um a semi-failed product. Or semi-failed project

 
